Along with responsible AI,
researchers are looking into techniques
to align models with human values and
preferences,
increase model interpretability, and
implement efficient model governance.
As model capabilities increase, we'll also
need more scalable techniques for human
oversight, such as constitutional AI,
which I discussed in a previous lesson.
Researchers continue to explore scaling
laws for all steps of the project
lifecycle, including techniques that
better predict model performance so
that you can make sure resources
are used efficiently, for example,
through simulations.
And scale doesn't always mean bigger,
research teams are working on
model optimizations for
small device and edge deployments.
For example, llama.cpp is a C++
implementation of the LLaMA
model using four bit integer
quantization to run on a laptop.
Similarly, I'm confident that
we'll see advancements and
efficiencies across the whole
model development lifecycle.
Especially, more efficient techniques for
pre-training,
finetuning, and reinforcement learning.
We'll see increased and
emergent LLM capabilities.
For example, researchers are looking
into developing models that support
longer prompts and contexts.
For example, to summarize entire books.
In fact, during the development of
this course, we've seen the first
announcement of a model supporting
100,000 token context window.
This corresponds roughly to 75,000
words and hundreds of pages.
Models will also increasingly support
multi-modality across language,
images, video, audio, etc.
This will unlock new applications and
use cases and
change how we interact with models.
We've seen the first amazing results
of this with the latest generation
of text to image models,
where natural language becomes the user
interface to create visual content.
Researchers are also trying to
learn more about LLM reasoning and
are exploring LLMs that combine structured
knowledge and symbolic methods.
This research field of neurosymbolic
AI explores the model's abilities to
learn from experience and the ability
to reason from what has been learned.
Thanks so much for taking this course.
We hope you enjoyed the lessons and
can't wait to see what you
build with this knowledge.
To conclude,
let's ask our AI what the future holds.